---
layout: edition
title: MediaEval 2020
year: 2020
permalink: /editions/2020/
---

The MediaEval Multimedia Evaluation benchmark offers tasks that are related to multimedia retrieval, analysis, and exploration. Participation is open to interested researchers who register. MediaEval focuses specifically on the human and social aspects of multimedia, and on multimedia systems that serve users. They offer the opportunity for researchers to tackle challenges that bring together multiple modalitieis (visual, text, music, sensor data).

<!---
### Registration
Registration is now open: Register to participate by filling in the [MediaEval 2020 Registration form](https://forms.gle/CWjCuPXa9Q7pNeUV9). Once you have registered please sign and return the [MediaEval 2020 Usage Agreement](https://multimediaeval.github.io/editions/2020/docs/MediaEval2020_UsageAgreement.pdf).
-->

### Workshop
Workshop registration is now open: [MediaEval 2020 Workshop Registration Form](https://forms.gle/ZbXsMSzRTc2xcphB6)

#### Attendee workshop information
* The MediaEval 2020 Workshop will be held completely online this year and participation is free. However, you are required to register in order to attend. If multiple people from one team will be participating in the workshop, then each one needs to register. 
* On Friday 11 December (16:00-18:00 Central European Time) we will have the workshop opening presentation and the icebreaker.
* On Monday and Tuesday 14-15 December (14:00-19:00 Central European Time) we we will have two types of sessions: 
  * Presentation sessions: Begin with an overview talk introducing the task. Then, each participant presents a three minute introduction of their task. The talks are live, and followed by questions and answers. (Zoom/Gotomeeting)
  * Technical retreat sessions: Discussion sessions where organizers and participants exchange experiences on the task and discuss plans for future work. (Discord)
* The exact workshop schedule will be published here in the days before the workshop.
* Just before the workshop, you will receive by email the links to the workshop platforms.

#### Presenter workshop information
* If you are presenting at the workshop, please prepare a three-minute presentation.
* You will submit a video of this presentation AND give the presentation live during a presentation session at the workshop.
* Your presentation should explain your idea of approaching the task, related work, how you approached the task, and the insight you gained. 
* You do not have to explain the task in your presentation. There will be a presentation at the beginning of the session by the task organizers, who explain the task.
* Upload the video online to a place where it can be downloaded. Then add the link to your submission on EasyChair. This video will be used as a backup in case of technical failure. Please submit your video by **Saturday 12 December AOE**.
* We also offer you the possibility of publishing your slides and videos on the MediaEval Slideshare/YouTube accounts. Please supply your slides and check the video publishing box on EasyChair.
* Find information about EasyChair and about the Proceedings Agreement.
* Workshop attendees benefit from understanding other tasks, and what other researchers have accomplished. In order to promote discussion, presenters will be asked to prepare questions in advance. More information will arrive via email.

### Schedule
* End of July 2020: First data releases
* Mid November 2020: Runs due (See individual task pages for the exact deadlines)
* 30 November 2020: Working notes paper
* 11,14-15 December 2020: MediaEval 2020 Workshop (Fully online.)

<!---
The MediaEval Workshop schedule will center on the \'golden hours\' in order to allow as many people around the world to participate as possible. The start and finish times for each day will be announced soon. The exact schedule will be published shortly before the workshop begins.
-->

For more information, contact m.larson (at) ru.cs.nl. You can also follow us on Twitter @multimediaeval  
