---
layout: edition
title: MediaEval 2021
year: 2021
permalink: /editions/2021/
---

The MediaEval Multimedia Evaluation benchmark offers tasks that are related to multimedia retrieval, analysis, and exploration. Participation is open to interested researchers who register. MediaEval focuses specifically on the human and social aspects of multimedia, and on multimedia systems that serve users. MediaEval tasks offer the opportunity for researchers to tackle challenges that bring together multiple modalities (visual, text, music, sensor data).

### Workshop

Workshop registration is now open and can be done by filling out the form linked to below.

* Workshop registration: [MediaEval 2021 Workshop Registration Form](https://forms.gle/ZbXsMSzRTc2xcphB6)

#### Attendee workshop information
* The MediaEval 2021 Workshop will be held completely online this year and participation is free. However, you are required to register in order to attend. If multiple people from one team will be participating in the workshop, then each one needs to register. 
* On Monday and Tuesday 13-15 December (14:00-18:30 Central European Time) we we will have two types of sessions: 
  * Presentation sessions: Begin with an overview talk introducing the task. Then, each participant presents a three minute introduction of their task. The talks are live, and followed by questions and answers. (Zoom)
  * Technical retreat sessions: Discussion sessions where organizers and participants exchange experiences on the task and discuss plans for future work. (Discord)
* The exact workshop schedule will be published here in the days before the workshop.
* Just before the workshop, you will receive by email the links to the workshop platforms.

#### Time Slots for Presentations (may change):

**Day 1: Monday 13 December 14:00-18:30 CET:**
* WaterMM: Water Quality in Social Multimedia - 15:00 - 15:45
* Emerging News: Detecting emerging stories from social media and news feeds - 15:00 - 15:45
* Emotional Mario: Believable AI agents in video games - 15:00 - 15:45
* Emotions and Themes in Music - 15:00 - 15:45
* Sports Video: Fine Grained Action Detection and Classification of Table Tennis Strokes from videos - 16:15 - 17:00
* Visual Sentiment Analysis: A Natural Disaster Use-case - 16:15 - 17:00

**Day 2: Tuesday 14 December 14:00-18:30 CET**
* NewsImages: The relation between images and text in news articles - 15:15 - 16:15
* Medico: Transparency in Medical Image Segmentation - 15:15 - 16:15

**Day 3: Wednesday 15 December 14:00-18:30 CET**
* FakeNews: Corona virus and 5G conspiracy - 14:00 - 16:15
* Predicting Media Memorability - 15:15 - 16:15
* Insight for Wellbeing: Cross-Data Analytics for (transboundary) Haze Prediction - 14:00 - 15:00
* Driving Road Safety Forward: Video Data Privacy - 17:45 - 18:00

#### Time Slots for Technical Retreats (may change):
**Day 1: Monday 13 December 14:00-18:30 CET**
* WaterMM: Water Quality in Social Multimedia - 17:15 - 18:15
* Emerging News: Detecting emerging stories from social media and news feeds - 17:15 - 18:15
* Emotional Mario: Believable AI agents in video games - 17:15 - 18:15
* Emotions and Themes in Music - 17:15 - 18:15

**Day 2: Tuesday 14 December 14:00-18:30 CET**
* Sports Video: Fine Grained Action Detection and Classification of Table Tennis Strokes from videos - 14:00 - 15:00
* Visual Sentiment Analysis: A Natural Disaster Use-case - 14:00 - 15:00
* NewsImages: The relation between images and text in news articles - 16:45 - 17:45
* Medico: Transparency in Medical Image Segmentation - 16:45 - 17:45

**Day 3: Wednesday 15 December 14:00-18:30 CET**
* FakeNews: Corona virus and 5G conspiracy - 16:30 - 17:30
* Predicting Media Memorability - 16:30 - 17:30
* Insight for Wellbeing: Cross-Data Analytics for (transboundary) Haze Prediction - 16:30 - 17:30

### Important Dates (Updated)
* July-September 2021: Data releases
* Mid-November 2021: Runs due (See individual task pages for the exact deadlines)
* 29 November 2021: Working notes paper due
* 9 December 2021: Video and workshop-ready paper due
* 13-15 December 2021: MediaEval 2021 Workshop Online (The workshop will be held during the "Golden Hours" 14:00-18:30 UTC+1)





