---
layout: edition
title: MediaEval 2022
year: 2022
permalink: /editions/2022/
---

The MediaEval Multimedia Evaluation benchmark offers challenges in artificial intelligence for multimedia data. Participants address these challenges by creating algorithms for retrieval, analysis, and exploration. Solutions are systematically compared using a common evaluation procedure, making it possible to establish the state of the art and track progress. Our larger aim is to promote reproducible research that makes multimedia a positive force for society. 

MediaEval goes beyond other benchmarks and data science challenges in that it also pursues a “Quest for Insight” (Q4I). With Q4I we push beyond only striving to improve evaluation scores to also working to achieve deeper understanding about the challenges. For example, properties of the data,  strengths and weaknesses of particular types of approaches, and observations about the evaluation procedure.

The [call for proposals](https://multimediaeval.github.io/) for tasks to run in the 2022 benchmarking season will close on 14 April.

### Task schedule

* March-April 2022: Tasks for 2022 announced
* 1 June 2022: Sign up opens for participation in MediaEval 2022 
* June-August 2022: Data releases 
* Beginning November 2022: Runs due 
* 28 November 2022: Working notes paper due
* 12-13 January 2023: MediaEval 2022 Workshop, Collocated with [MMM 2023](https://www.mmm2023.no) in Bergen, Norway and also online.

### Task Pre-Announcement

This is a partial list of tasks that MediaEval 2022 will offer. Keep your eye on this page for the list to grow and descriptions to be added soon.

* DisasterMM: Multimedia Analysis of Disaster-Related Social Media Data
* Emotional Mario: A Game Analytics Challenge
* FakeNews: Fake News Detection
* Medico: Medical Multimedia Task: Transparent Tracking of Spermatozoa
* Musti: Multimodal Understanding of Smells in Texts and Images
* NewsImages: Relating news articles and images
* NjordVid: Fishing Trawler Video Analytics Task
* Memorability: Predicting Video Memorability
* Sports Video: Fine Grained Action Detection and Classification of Table Tennis Strokes from videos
* SwimTrack: Swimmers and Stroke Rate Detection in Elite Race Videos
* Urban Air: Urban Life and Air Pollution
